Move the back rib out of the way,
and we've got our boneless rack here,
so what I want to do is I want to
square it up and get it ready for chops.
This what I call a tail piece here.
It really doesn't serve a purpose
in conjunction with this cut.
So I'm just going to take my steak knife
and remove it right
at that start of that secondary eye so
this can be trimmed out
and used for sausage.
Matter of fact, we can just go
something like, so just run the knife
along the skin like so.
And that can be used
for any type of grind or sausage.
So this now
what we've got our boneless rack
now serves an opportunity
for us to do a chop.
So I'm just going to come in
and just do a nice sized job
so you can see.
Now, we just come underneath
and just take off the skin.
And now we've got our boneless rack up
the cousin to a ribeye steak.